Fixed #34242 -- Doc'd that primary key is set to None when deleting objects. (#16477)
django/django: docs/ref/models/instances.txt

Issues an SQL ``DELETE`` for the object. This only deletes the object in the
database; the Python instance will still exist and will still have data in

> its fields, except the primary_key which will be set to None. This method returns the number of objects deleted and a dictionary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its fields, except for the primary key set to ``None``. This method returns the
number of objects deleted and a dictionary with the number of deletions per
object type.
```
Wrap docs at 79 chars.
